
00:14
Oh, okay. Can I can I record it? Like we need to contacts for AI. Yeah.

00:24
All right, it'll work.

00:33
Is.

00:48
An interesting space. I think that one is. More challenging. Yeah.

01:00
Care care about that perspective. Yeah. To have to, like a

01:17
Better.

01:22
Yeah.

01:37
Yeah.

01:44
Other companies. So, you're

01:57
Yeah, yeah. So basically what we do is very similar to Cloud

02:07
So it's a metal. So it's basically, you know, Uh, cat. Um, but you can also add Pull your files.

02:26
You can. Because we're in the architecture. Construction space.

02:40
So kind of like, you know, when you use cargo work and

02:56
Different views in the green models, might change.

03:04
And it's a bit mental, in a sentence. You can create skills. To automate.

03:15
In this place construction. These skills for doing that.

03:29
But it could be used generically, when you said Kind of like codaps. Like a game, right? It's just like Please kind of sugar for construction.

04:02
I think. The biggest. In general. Kind of the The tools are put there already. What's not? There is the usage in. Yeah. Yeah. Um, okay, that is one challenge. Cost.

04:50
But yeah, that's why I think like many companies, they're all hiring. Forward, the floating videos.

05:03
But, You know. Very generous. The company still learned.

05:47
I think the The problem is, Is. The world context. Basically, ages are great. But they don't have the context. Yeah.

06:21
In the data, you know? Oh yeah, I like for first like Construction data. For like,

06:30
You have the expert?

06:36
Designing or like, Like like government for of like a certification like online, like uh, anything, right? You go check. Construction. And the problem is that. Their knowledge is not excluded, you know, they have Yeah.

07:08
Agent.

07:29
Yeah.

08:10
I think one way to do it. Is that? Ult.

08:43
And it's basically like another.

09:00
And, And then, like, from there,

09:15
Let me fix it.

09:36
Uh, it's black is where all the maybe in traditional companies, not yet, but In.

09:57
You don't know anything. Unless you ready from a meeting. So, the meaning already has the transfer I guess. Summarize and then all the chance.

10:45
Oh, I bought some like chocolate.

11:08
Was. Can we can we?

11:14
Oh yeah. Is. Also. Business. Their knowledge is not like data just like choking. Like, I think one way. It's basically voice agents. Yeah. To be like that. Like this like recording and then like but normally like just like uh it is said, Like these days like transcript AI is the transcript and one single file and then putting inside, right?

11:49
But I'm like I thought like that after the transcript the AI is automated to like Getting some good information and then putting inside for the different file, Like the important things for the five of this file is for the same thing. So, like, put the inside like, for more like the context is One, one Praises.

12:11
It's not what organized. Yeah, well organized we're organized. Um, data structure for the transcript. So like that the meaning is like everything, like meeting. Like like a difference like like the pile file but on the topic is differences, right? So like taking some notes, no note for but the different file and then like but um, the file name is like example, like Um, like prices like the before the contraction.

12:40
Um, before contract like the the, this this project was how this caused like, like contract, like like this, but different Project. It's like this. That if, if like, I have like those data, um, if I started to like new contract, I want to check it out for the history of the con of the contract, and then like the getting, like, a new like presentation for like, the this prices like, much more, like accuracy.

13:20
That they talk to. Yeah, talk to

13:32
So, it's gonna be proactive, right?

13:41
So that's maybe what they don't do right now agents.

14:13
What they are doing right now. Yeah. Yeah. I've been proactive. Yeah, yeah.

14:32
I like that.

14:46
Yeah. 9 30.

14:55
Five hours. Five, five.

15:03
Time for a team building. Yeah. Oh, really? Yeah, we get. We can able to like discuss it about it more.

15:20
Proactive for deploying. Because like, I'm also going same thing like Like yeah. Yeah, like and also like I I warned like helping to like open home but I'm that the developer is it's just me in Japan and so I think the future is like have to go into that client and then make some like demo for them and make them so like I think like the near the four, Deborah engineer.

15:54
Like, the problem is. Getting data. And then reusable, and then Yeah, I like that. Usually it's like right now agents. You have to get stuck out of them right? Just like you open, it doesn't do anything. Start the union, but it should be. Yeah.

16:28
Yeah. Something like that. How it looks. And then,

16:39
From baking, making their material. Yeah. But, but yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think so.

16:55
Maybe so we don't have to regulate design. Yeah.

17:07
Yeah, I think we we should like make some like Like, we don't we, if we committed, we notice it. So, like, right online, some Google Drive,

17:28
I think if we've done it, the pitching pitch pitch. Um just that is a context right? For AI and the additional date additional interaction for like the UI is like this much more faster to develop, right?

17:54
Like a, yeah, we don't have to stand our time for for Yeah. Yeah. Remaking b******* like we losing time. Using token.

18:23
Yeah, I think.

18:38
I I I think the beginning of like after 12 we creating a GitHub but I'm like we before that the the creators I'm like locally to like the system and then started that that one is context and then putting the AI and then remake it and then pushing pushing pushing push and pushing.

18:57
Yeah. So, step one. Step one, step one, create the problem, and then like make some context. So I, I Yeah. Yeah.

19:44
But for the planning, like, checking your idea, Uh,

20:00
Yeah, um I'd be created the Google Drive and then like um because of because of we started to GitHub, they're finding right. So like the setup or Google Drive and put in there and then right um riding online and then like make a context and then after the started, We just like put in the AI for like, Do we have Wi-Fi?

20:28
Oh, yeah. Same. Same thing.

20:34
But that this one is for the University. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, the password, oh no. Oh I think I think you, yeah, yeah, this out. This is our University student. Like every everyone like if if you go enjoying the university, like the U.S or universities, This is really, really useful like when I when I us I went like And stop for.

21:01
I use it. Yeah.

21:06
The I surprised like because like I shot because of, like, ever ever or all of the university ever use it,

21:59
Yeah, thank you Adrian.

22:18
And then and then this place I set up for yesterday for meeting

24:30
I could.

24:38
Yeah, I've been

24:43
Oh yeah, I mean getting like, uh, Set up for the private, you know.

24:59
Yep, I said, I for a private Channel now. Okay.

25:18
Someone already thought about this.

25:33
Yeah. Yeah.

26:00
You create. Oh, thank you.

26:11
Great.
